[Music]
leave you got hi guys welcome to my
youtube channel
Alice yummy food I'm today making very
Eastern European and Russian dish called
Betty Nikki which are the dumplings
I'm not filled with meat which I tell
many these will be filled with sweet
stuff like jam or cherries or cottage
cheese which I'll show you today they
actually originally come from Ukraine
and read them a lot it might be out
there eaten all over Russia and still
bring them to you
okay the ingredients for the dog really
simple and it's the same method of
making them as ten mini which I will put
the link below we've got 400 grams of
plain flour 1 tablespoon of castor sugar
a pinch of salt I've got two eggs and a
cup of water which will be using
depending on how much the dough needs
for the fillings of God cottage cheese
Russian one and I've got sweet cherries
[Music]
so I've taken the dough when they talked
and whined and now we still need to
knead it for quite a while until it
becomes really really easy to work with
an elastic so just take it hold it
take it in just do that put some flour
on the surface and it shouldn't stick ok
it's all done very easy to work with now
very elastic all we have to do is now
wrap it in some foil and put it in the
fridge for half an hour ok so if my
dog's been refrigerated for about half
an hour and now all we have to do is
roll it out into sort of a big big
square and into quite thin pastry so
just do it slowly it's quite easy to
work with put some flour on
okay so just stop rolled it all out I
cut the edges off to make a square so
I'm going to the same freaking pieces
now with a knife or anything sharp you
have which is gonna lightly just scroll
down and make equal squares okay so I've
got my feelings ready
I've put some castor sugar into the
cottage cheese because I like it sweet
you don't have to do that you can make
them salty as well so I've got my
cherries here so all we have to do is
just touch the square then I would say
put about two two cherries in the middle
and then we just pinch it from the top
just like that just down one inside just
pinch it from this side as well we need
to make sure it stays together otherwise
it's going to open while it's cooking I
make these kind of triangles just like
that and place them on a plate floured
plate and do the rest
okay these are all done I've got the
cottage cheese and cherry filling I've
actually also tried some with strawberry
jam someone special and so we'll see how
that turns out and so I've put my
boiling water here I've added a bit of
salt in a bit of sugar and because it's
pasta so we need to make sure it doesn't
stick together so when it starts to boil
we're just gonna drop in our betting key
in and cook them for about five to ten
minutes once they done I'm gonna serve
them with some sour cream and jam
ok it's all done steaming hot looks
absolutely amazing I put some cherries
on the side and a cup of Smetana sour
cream on top
maybe another cherry just to make it
look really pretty
mmm can't wait to eat this ok I'm gonna
dig it in come on open now so when you
cut it open you should see the cherries
just in there looks good a bit of sour
cream these are amazing guys I know what
I'm eating for dinner now I hope you try
this recipe if you enjoyed it please
subscribe to my channel and check out my
recipe by
[Music]